README.md, before:

# Intellego

<img src="public/images/readme/landingPage.png" alt="Landing page"/>

## Table of Contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Live Site](#live-site)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Tutorial of Intellego](#tutorial-of-intellego)
  - [User login/signup](#user-loginsignup)

## Background

Welcome to Intellego, a teacher-friendly site for creating impromptu student assessments and reviewing data about student learning. Made specifically for teachers, Intellego offers a variety of data visualization tools, in addition to ways of creating speedy prompts for student learning. Created by Amy Chun, Natalie Dudar, Na Lin, Madeleine Lloyd-Davies, and Natalie Ricci, Intellego represents new, convenient ways to appraise and envision student learning.

## Live Site

Please follow the link (<a href="https://intellego.onrender.com/" target="_blank"> Live-Site </a>) to check out Intellego for yourself!

Note this is a free Render account, so please be patient with any latencies you may experience:)

## Technologies

- Front-end

  - ReactJS
  - Redux
  - Bootstrap
  - Chart.js
  - Formik & yup
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - Webpack

- Back-end
  - Node.js
  - Express.js
  - PostgreSQL
  - Sequelize
  - JSON Web Token
  - Bcrypt

## Tutorial of Intellego

### User login/signup

<img src="public/images/readme/login.gif" alt="login.gif"/>

Commit message:

add text to explain user login / signup

README.md, after:

# Intellego

<img src="public/images/readme/landingPage.png" alt="Landing page"/>

## Table of Contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Live Site](#live-site)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Tutorial of Intellego](#tutorial-of-intellego)
  - [User login/signup](#user-loginsignup)

## Background

Welcome to Intellego, a teacher-friendly site for creating impromptu student assessments and reviewing data about student learning. Made specifically for teachers, Intellego offers a variety of data visualization tools, in addition to ways of creating speedy prompts for student learning. Created by Amy Chun, Natalie Dudar, Na Lin, Madeleine Lloyd-Davies, and Natalie Ricci, Intellego represents new, convenient ways to appraise and envision student learning.

## Live Site

Please follow the link (<a href="https://intellego.onrender.com/" target="_blank"> Live-Site </a>) to check out Intellego for yourself!

Note this is a free Render account, so please be patient with any latencies you may experience:)

## Technologies

- Front-end

  - ReactJS
  - Redux
  - Bootstrap
  - Chart.js
  - Formik & yup
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - Webpack

- Back-end
  - Node.js
  - Express.js
  - PostgreSQL
  - Sequelize
  - JSON Web Token
  - Bcrypt

## Tutorial of Intellego

### User login/signup

To access Intellego, you can log in with your registered email and password. If you're a new user, you can create a new account by providing your name, email, and password during the sign-up process. This will give you access to all the features and benefits of Intellego.

It's important to note that we take security seriously, and all login and sign-up processes are encrypted and designed to protect your personal information.
<img src="public/images/readme/login.gif" alt="login.gif"/>
